Rename LocalStorage keys (#259)
VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: updated `localStorage` keys to improve uniqueness. See [this PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/pull/259).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: change `localStorage` key names to avoid collisions with other systems. See [this PR](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/victoriametrics-datasource/pull/259).
```
